We also operate it on a final act quite frequently in this investigating committee of seeking
and sometimes securing the cooperation of executive head evidences.
For example, the General Services Administration, I think you will recall we investigated that.
Mr. Jess Larson, who was a Democrat, but operating collaboratively, what's the committee
enabled us to achieve a great deal of good in that department, a three-way cooperative
basis?
Is that correct?
That is correct, and Mr. Chalin, there was stuff that they won't wait on this, that Mr. Blantonberg
went a step further.
He got rid of the loyalty board as far as we know, and when a man came before the committee
at 9 o'clock in the morning, took the firm at the moment about communism.
He didn't self-mustream at the committee.
He just fired him in the staff and had cleaned up, made an unnecessary force to continue
that.
The Edward Rothschild case with Mr. Chair and Mr. Mittian.
Now, I would have pinpointed and worked it was that this cooperation built down.
It has been demonstrated both under Democratic and Republican administration.
It can exist.
Where it does exist, you get salutary results and you get them quickly.
There will be minimum of embarrassment, but there will be maximum of vindication of the
Republicans.
You said, go down in the first place because of your continued efforts to disclose who it
was responsible for what happened to major progress.
That was one point.
I can pinpoint it out to a definite date, perhaps.
Mr. Steven Scholl, I believe it was on a Friday night.
That's all it was monitored.
Objective, Deloddy said, was unfair treatment of the victor.
I have been trying to get the victor to give us the names of those who were responsible
for the special treatment of the press.
Specifically, I wanted to know who the morning after we asked that press, the court march
told, got rid of him, got him the under jurisdiction from the Army.
That was when everything broke loose.
The press said that his family expired.
I want to ask you, most specifically, to pinpoint it and suppose to wait for my next
10 minute break.
You know, let him take 10 minutes on.
Yes, him.
Mr. Scholl, I'm worried about which is the announcement.
I shall ask the leaves, which afternoon at 3 o'clock I do understand that the committee
in terms of recess or that today is correct.
I'd like to ask for that in terms of this, and also has the leaves that we're going to
carry since the Lord of the Army.
So I'll go after the leaves.
Sometimes it seems quite any in violence.
Lord, why?
Well, not really as in 40, but I thought about 40.
Well, that'll be a strong help.
I'll let it go.
Mr. Halton, we make that observation.
It will not be possible.
I assume from the limited time, when you reconvene at the noon for me to come to the
afternoon, the questions I shall ask that should like to ask.
And I assume that it'll take them to Monday anyways.
It's completely false of demination at which time I should want to resume.
I assume that you'll have a chance at night.
And the beginning, Mr. Chairman, I wish to make this observation.
That bear has now developed.
Here, these earrings, one of the strangest paradoxes that I have ever witnessed are experience
for fear and attribution.
And especially, is that true, where people in high official government positions are involved?
And it shall be my purpose to try to bring back some major clarity and proper understanding
of just what is involved in this conversation.
And I shall therefore undertake to direct my questions at this time to that end.
For this, I shall make use of the official documents that constitute the charges and the
countercharges.
And I should like to interrogate the senator to take the lay regarding his countercharges
and you all.
The testimony that he gave yesterday regarding Secretary Stevens and his appraisal of
the commission as an honest man.
And back, Mr. Chairman, I should like to ask, and I do ask the senator from Mr. Thompson.
For his documents, I shall refer to it as charges or countercharges, because that's what it is to me.
He may refer to it as a statement of fact, so use any other term.
He may choose, but for me it's charges.
By reading the second paragraph of that document, senator, we are submitting here with what we consider to be part of the statement
concerning the appeal, the appeal by two honest civilians, most beloved key Steelers and Mr. John D. Adams, to discredit the investigation of the
investigation of the military and to force a discontinuous of our hearings exposing communist
infiltration in their department.
Senator, is that charged to the truth?
The senator, is that charged to the fact that both charges are facts and truth.
So you've done this to me now, but for the act of an honest man, a man of integrity.
Just because you don't risk hope that I said yesterday, I said that except for the worker incident and the filing of these fraudulent charges,
other than that I found nothing involved Steven Sandler to disperse you.
Do you regard those acts as your lies there and as a gift to discredit this investigating committee?
And to force a discontinuous of hearings exposing communist infiltration into the department of the Army?
Not only was it an attempt, but it was a successful attempt.
Do you regard that?
As long as you know it was a successful attempt.
I know, I know the whole story of the story.
You know that story?
Do you regard that as an act of a patriotic official of this government?
No, I think that is a joke to say.
Highly improper.
However, when I said of the same, we drafted the charges.
We did not know that he was being advised by the chief political advisers of the opposite political party.
I expected you to inject that.
That's no surprise.
May I say to you that your colleagues on this committee have refused to call in as a witness?
When I have twice, you refuse to refuse to call in as a witness?
When the Democrats have twice made a motion to call in, I want you to have that evidence if it's true.
And I'll help you get it.
I mean I say that there is a mic in the front of the Hienauti call,
so that the last son of his family can also put the stand, the picture would not be complete.
And up to this time my good friend from Missouri has nothing to say.
May I say this to you?
I said it to the first person.
I shall hold in this regard, both the charges, and in the evidence that you may be of against him.
He'll first submit his own not caring, and give him the opportunity to defend himself against your charges.
From a nice, not someday, or many may.
Who is accused? I'm speaking of Mr. Clipper.
Who is accused here in this form?
Who is not given an office unit, Mr. Dupont?
Well, the evidence against him is nothing given by me.
Well, I've been given a five-year, some given him a monitored call.
I think the evidence is very clear, some are monitored calls between Mr. Swamington and Mr. Steven.
Mr. Swamington, Mr. Steven, that is the evidence against Clifford.
It shows that Mr. Swamington starts out by saying I'll get Clifford.
There's no question why Steven's a little clipper to him.
I am quite a little bit of a make-up.
You're sure that I gave the evidence.
No question me with this.
I don't tell them I'm pressing you or not.
Mr. McClillin, when I tell them I'm pressing you or not,
but I want to extract it from you.
Do not extract me, say, the facts.
I know we're not in a very good place.
The testimony here is the County of St. Louis.
The first mention of Clifford is when he talks about Clifford.
It's on years you, I think, is revealing.
No explanation of Clifford is, so frankly, I've been discussing this before.
Finally, we finally final day on the 8th of March that's seriously
before the fraudulent charges were filed against myself and me.
If that's when we find Mr. Swamington is calling Mr. Steven.
Not Steven's calling Swamington.
We find Steven's saying that day.
In effect, there's practically nothing to this.
I don't think there's anything to it.
We find him, though, currently the urging,
the urging was probably the lawyer for the political advisor of the Democrat Committee.
Now, if he were called, and I just felt the question whether he should be called
even Mr. Swamington does not appear.
The point is that he can take the lawyer quite unfairly.
He could refuse to answer whether he would or not.
I don't know, but I think the important link here would be to have both Mr. Swamington and Mr. Clifford
and Senator Al Heptie get Mr. Clifford.
How much was he trying to climb the head?
Wait a moment.
I don't care what he says.
I just want him to know that I'll have to get Mr. Clifford.
I thank you.
I'm a title student.
And I'll have to get him out of my bed.
Would you help me get Mr. Swamington?
No, sir.
I am not going to have one senator against another.
You know their privileges.
You know their life.
And I'm not going to have Mr. Swamington get you the best of them.
I'm neutral.
Of course here, Mr. Swamington.
And may I say, keep it that way?
Mr. Chairman, may I rise before you?
May I rise before you?
No, thank you very much.
You'll have your time.
Let's keep it.
That is preferred for me.
And you can take it in your time.
I was dealt my request.
Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry.
I'm trying to be neutral between you two.
Senator, I just that I am, but I do think that Charles B.
Well, I'm not going to let you down.
Just stay there.
I don't know.
All right.
I'll be right back.
Mr. Swamington, I'm not going to let you down.
I can't take it in your time.
I'm in neutral between you two.
Senator, I just that I am, but I do think that Charles B.
made here against Mr. Clifford.
He should have a chance to answer, but I think Senator,
a multi-faceted, the able to persuade his colleagues, his
brothers and colleagues on the committee, the reverse staff position,
and let us get it.
Now let's move from that.
There's one thing that you mentioned that, but oh, may I say this to you?
When was the Mr. Clifford first contacted?
I don't know when he was first contacted before.
Well, I mean so far.
It was around the day.
You just got on her told to defend those.
What is the date of it just to get that far in here?
So you want to know what the best?
I believe it was around the 21st.
The first assignment that you played with me, right?
Monitor call was there.
The 21st said what?
To get between those.
To get between the call.
The other thing I wanted to say.
Senator, the only thing I wanted to get.
If that is the date that first thing you have in every day,
it's about Mr. Clifford.
I want to ask you if ever incidental age.
Then these charges and counter charges didn't occur long-fired.
And that's Clifford ever being in trouble.
No, not a fact.
No, the...
And all this kind of break you arrived before Clifford's name has ever
been mentioned before, he's ever consulted the one who will be out of here.
No, no, no, no.
What is the month's plan?
The first call that Clifford was on,
first one of his calls, I don't know when the first time that I was,
the first one of his calls was...
15 minutes.
I told me at times, the exciting look at that man.
So...
No, I'll tell you, we can't reach that.
You have Dr. Edgterg's here and mother now,
so the next session of the hearing will be at 2 p.m.
Do you?
I'm an issue.
By the members of the committee,
the first one to question him in the afternoon session will be Senator Dirkson,
a Bellinoi, then Senator Jackson of Washington,
then Senator Potter of Michigan.
Sorry, sir.
I'm very happy to acknowledge the presence of an old personal friend,
the General of Joe Fox, well known for many people in the audience.
I'm sure because it is outstanding record in the World War II,
and having shot down and obtained number of plans is Eddie Wickenbach,
that we have him and I guess to the committee room,
and because there's a rule of no politics,
I will not mention the fact that he's the Republican candidate for governor,
I'll tell you about that.
I'm not going to ask that.
Mr. Chairman, may I say that I served in the Pacific
where Joe Fox was giving us fighter cover and all through the Pacific.
We considered Joe Fox the greatest marine fighter pilot
that the Marine Corps any unit ever produced.
We will now come to order three of the shareholders welcome the guests of the committee,
we have come to the committee room on this Friday afternoon,
and again remind our friends and the audience of the outstanding
and prevailing rule of the committee,
which forbids any demonstrations of approval or disapproval on the part of the audience,
concerning any of the matter insuriously being considered by the committee.
And the uniform members of the Capitol Police Force and the trained closing of the audience
have the painful duties under orders of the committee to ensure it from the room immediately,
politely but firmly, any of our guests who violate the committee rule.
Mr. Harold Beckley will come forward now and also the radio representative of the press gallery.
We have the copies of the executive hearings of yesterday available for the press.
They are here and I'm sure sufficient numbers so that each of you may have a copy.
Charlie is the copy for you.
Mr. Harold Beckley, the superintendent of the Senate Radio Gallery,
and Connie DeAndre, the assistant superintendent of the radio and television gallery,
is the copy for the report.
Charlie would like to say that they come to you a little later than usual for only one reason.
And as you know, the chair has operated under the rule when we release executive testimonies
and simply have a 10-strived and released.
Senator Dirkson called attention to an omission of a syllable and one word that he uttered the other day
with a change of meaning, instead of it by making a phrase instead of an upraise.
And while it may not be controlling the senator McCarthy, he says that he does not say that he was going to praise
Senator McCarthy's work, but it was going to after this when he came to testimony.
And then the committee members felt and the chair thought rightfully that before releasing a patient
have a right to correct any omissions or deletions, I don't want this to be a criticism of our repertoire of service.
I think Mr. Alderson's super done extended job.
But we meet down there around the big table.
There are no microphones.
We meet rather informally with several senators sometimes talking at the same time
and a little bit of going to get exactly correct.
I would like to say that the meeting yesterday was a very harmonious meeting.
There was no yoke temper.
There were no high phrases.
And the transcript that you have is a faithful transcript of what's up based down there.
Senator McClellan had just concluded I believe he's 10 minutes with Senator McCarthy.
So I will call next on Senator Potter who has 10 minutes of time.
Bring around to 10 minutes go around.
Mr. Chairman, I believe as we concluded the morning strike in Senator McClellan
made a statement concerning the Republican members of this committee refusing to ask for
a specific part of the committee to prepare the witness.
That's true.
We voted in the exact respect yesterday.
Not just the committee Mr. Crippard as a witness.
Mr. We have them in our practice to the committee a witness who hasn't been reflected
by the principles involved at the meeting yesterday.
Senator McClellan or his staff has selected Mr. Crippard or Mr. Weft and his co-op has
to meet the governor.
Now if we made a practice of opinion every name that's mentioned in the hearings,
of course the chairman was born for weeks on weeks and the mornings and months.
Now Mr. Crippard has not known as being a man who is not articulate.
He has never requested the committee to prepare the committee to testify.
I assume that they made a request to be heard and asked to be heard.
That's what I would be on.
I haven't been the case and until I was done I was fulfilling my self and the other Republican members of the committee.
So you have for example Mr. Crippard here.
Mr. Crippard is actually as counsel, also for, apparently Mr. Stevens and Mr. Crippard
and the Prime Minister, according to the minor information, the telephone conversation that goes into the record,
if non-usual practice you have a lawyer that's a lawyer, what's the place that when the principal
that he was to advise haven't themselves given their position concerning his bias to be counseled to give.
So until Mr. Crippard asked to be heard, I feel that we have no right to go in and opinion because it's named to mention.
They've also been meeting these, they've been mentioning of following the general law.
And now it's been a lot of them to call.
Certainly I would bring our other witnesses to law, that's because the same thing to show what a private term is.
I think it's well to consider it.
And understanding the emotion of the Republican members of the committee,
that we have signed long goal, the president stated, and just stated for sure, that all principals are to good Earth.
All principals will be first.
Who we go beyond that.
We will be continuing the hearings for many weeks, but no one's here to bother us.
So that was the position of the members of the Republican members of the committee.
I'm confident that for the time that Mr. Crippard and Mr. Crippard have concluded that this morning we will have all the facts put to Mr. Crippard to this controversy that we ever will.
Now I think that we also have the Council's involved, Mr. Wells, who represents Mr. Crippard and Mr. Adam Jarmie,
who has the Thunder and the Roy Cone's representative, and has the counter-birth of his new state.
Where they were willing to conclude after calling the principal's involved.
They both say that if we go to call for our witnesses, that this will drag on for many, many days and weeks.
So I think it will, that we understand the system.
The position of this senator, and I'm sure the other Republican members of this committee, we have no desire to cut off any legal facts from the day.
But ladies and gentlemen, we have an obligation to our constituents.
We have an obligation to our responsibility as a United States senator to conclude this as soon as possible.
We have the President of the United States last night making a wonderful address, appealing to the Congress and appealing to the country for his legislative programs.
I know I have said he is most difficult for these eight senators to try to form this area.
To carry out our responsibility to the President and bring in about a successful conclusion to the his legislative program,
to an act, his legislative program, who are tied up at eight hours a day, to this area.
We guarantee that we will bring out the fire.
That's the argument.
We didn't guarantee that this was water room on November 4th.
So I say that I think these Republican members of this committee,
the President, they took the responsibility to conclude the hearings after the principles that I mentioned have been taught.
I think many people have missed the conclusion of the members of this committee.
Unfortunately, I'm afraid many people would like to see what role and they think that every member of this committee should be able to draw blood either on Sunday or Secretary Stevens or draw blood on Sunday.
Actually, members of this committee, that's in a semi-divitial capacity.
The proposition is to have to change the fact.
Now, it's more difficult to ascertain the two facts.
If you are carrying the quote, pointing one side of this front of it,
I'll draw John to get the facts with a little needed talk.
And unfortunately, during the part about carrying the facts, he has the most important situation for a personality that he has developed.
I say there's most important for committee actions of jury and should not either be action of but as a matter or to winter into the various personalities on this.
Therefore, I sincerely appeal to the individual members of this committee and to the principle involved and to the council involved.
I can recognize that he doesn't necessarily produce blood and we can ascertain the facts much better in a full-com collective manner.
And I carry on with dignity and fair play.
By doing that, I'm sure the people who are watching this hearing will be able to form their own mom where it thinks it is, what the controversy is all about.
And it might be well at this time to restate this, what is the controversy here?
It has been charged on one hand by the Mr. Stevens and the threatens by some of the parties that are following Mr. Cohn.
You think investigating my arm of thumb that the number to secure or attempt to secure a certain treatment for David Cohn?
Now the counterstatement by Senator McCartney, Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cohn, will affect the Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams, were in effect blackmailing or attempting to blackmail the committee and an effort to get him to call off this investigation.
Now, blow the rest in the truck and I work to now direct a question to Senator McCartney and send him about the I have to put him on my feet.
And I'd like to direct this question to you, one of the things that you do.
Do you agree with me, Mr. Plexen, I've asked Mr. Cohn, I've asked Secretary Sabin and Mr. Watt?
Do you agree with me that the charge which Cohn has made by the Army against yourself, Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cohn, are serious charges?
Uh, of the most serious charges.
Wasn't the charge that directs to your fault, they are still serious.
Right.
Now, Secretary, or Senator McCartney, I wish to ask this question, we give all the way, I hope that it is a slip of the tongue.
Let's give it a try.
I wish to ask you this question, which is also asked to the other friends responsible that have been on the charge before the committee.
Do you think that the charge made against you and may Smith or Mr. Cohn on the Matthews these individuals?
That the Army charge is a statement to Mr. Allen charges against you.
So you use the investigating arm of the Senate to gain perfect statements for private signs, it's too or false.
False.
And it's not a desire.
So all the Senate McCarthy, as I understand from your letter of December 22nd, the first two sentences, which I will post,
would you wait a minute until I get that letter or deal?
Okay, I have a number twenty seconds.
I have a number.
Top of the first paragraph.
You say, uh, I have heard rumors to the effect that some members of my staff are intervening with your department behalf of a former staff.
That's consultant David Shines.
This, of course, they never write to do as individuals.
Now, as I understand it, your position is that anything they wanted to do as individuals was fine that they had no right to represent the committee in this matter.
And I believe also you stated our to represent yourself as senator.
Yes, they're for a point of this way.
I feel they do not move any of their rights, so the president will become the member of the staff in my committee.
Well, I think we can agree that it's perfectly proper for a senator or congressman to ask a department of the army, the Navy, or the Air Force to consider the application of any qualified individual for a commission.
I think, uh, certainly, uh, a senator or congressman shouldn't have any right-lefts in the citizen.
I think we can agree on that.
Great.
Now.